Specification for MLOPs Assessment.
Each student is required to design a Machine Learning Pipeline using GitHub Actions.
Model Training & Testing
Model Deployment
Continuous Integration
Continuous Delivery
Continuous Training

Students are expected to research and experiement with techniques and tools available.  
Due Date: 22nd May 2026 EOD
Document Requirements [2-4 Pages]
Introduction.
Usecase and approach taken. Please justify why you took this particular approach (use academic papers as your support)
Must include a description of a Branching Strategy (even if basic)
Detail workflows for MLOps pipeline stages e.g. CICD and CT/CM  (more marks will be awarded for the latter stages)
GutHub Repository Link 
References - which papers you used to justify your approach.
Artefact
Must be stored on your personal GitHub account and set to public until 21st of June 2026.
Create a repository which includes training/testing of a machine learning model.
Model must be deployed through Flask API or other.
Develop a Branching strategy appropriate for the use case.
GitHub Actions Workflows  for each stage of the pipeline (ingestion/preprocessing -> retraining stage -> continuous deployment)
At least two unit tests or other must be included within the pipeline.
Application must be deployed as a Docker Container.
Flask Application must be automatically deployed through either a Google VM/Kind Kubernetes cluster
 
 
Video Presentation
Student must record a live demonstration of the pipeline and camera must be on (will not accept video if camera is not on)
When showing and discussing your artefact, the presentation should be unscripted. (no powerpoint slides are necessary)
During your discussion, all program code and scripts must be explained.
Model training and testing code does not need to be explained.  Just mention what type of model it is, how to use it (inputs/outputs) and if registering the model with MLFLow, the results and hyperparameters set.
Make sure to give a description of the deployment architecture also if deploying on Kubernetes or other.
Time of video should be between 10 and 15 minutes ( I am not strict on this time).